In this video you're going learn how to design an original piece of content for Instagram for free that
you can then go ahead and share directly on Instagram.
So this is something that you really do want to learn how to do if you want to create your own content
or content for clients or companies.
It's basic design skills but it's going to allow you to produce a lot of original content.
So how to get started.
Walk through the exact steps of how to create this design from scratch.
So what do you want to firstly do is go ahead and open up your browser and download the Kanva app.
Now Kanva is essentially Photoshop for Dummies.
It's free it's so simple to use.
And the cool thing is is that you can design on your phone and then share directly from Instagram.
They do also have a desktop version so that's pretty cool as well because if you're more comfortable
designing on your desktop then you can just take the design from the app and then share it directly.
So you have that choice as well to design on your desktop and then just share via the app on Duret on
Instagram.
But in this example I'll show you how to actually create in a design in the app.
So I've download the Kanva app I'm going to open that up and then you can see here that they have templates
under the Instagram section and what you can do is create really any type of design.
There are a ton of templates here but what I've done here is what's going to come up is a lot of templates
like this and some of these are popular now.
You can see to that 18 except for what I'm going to do is typing in quotes and that is going to bring
up all the templates for quotes.
Now you can search around for other ones as well if you want product promotions etc. but for now I'll
just look at this one.
So here is the template that I can easily use and modify and you can see this is in the format that
I want.
Oscar Wilde here to live is the rarest thing in the world.
Most people exist that is all OK.
Great quote from Oscar Wilde but I wanted to adapt this template slightly and design the design.
I showed you previously.
So the first thing that I'm going to do is change the image so I can just tap on the image.
It's going to bring up my camera roll.
I could also take you can see my camera here my hand waving.
I could take a picture if I wanted but I've already got this picture on my camera roll which I'm going
to just click on and you can see it inserts right in.
So simple so easy.
Now I want to change the quote because obviously this guy's not Oscar Wilde.
So if I double click on the text
and I can say typing the quote so I typed in the quote there don't wish it were easy.
Wish you were better I think great advice.
So I changed the text and say done
now I'm going to resize that taxes Rob because you can see I've got a little bit of space so I am going
to double click on this
and I'm going to change this to size 56.
I think that should fit in every and then I clicked on.
Then I want to change the author's name and so so and double click on that
now I will say that it takes a little bit of getting used to me the first time that you design something
and mine be so simple.
But after a while you're really going to get the hang of this and then make a really easy for yourself.
So those pretty much by design it's pretty much already done.
I'm happy with the positioning.
I think it all looks great and a good idea before you go to publish is maybe just reread it.
Make sure there's no mistakes.
I can actually see that I've made a mistake here.
So I wanted to say don't wish it were easy.
Wish you were better.
Now I have to reposition the
text underneath.
Drag it off there.
OK.
Looks pretty good.
Now what I can do is just click on the image once again then I'm going to click on this button on the
top right hand corner you can see it's like the share button that's really going to finalize my design
save us and it'll enable me then to share it which I can go and head into click Import to Instagram.
And what I can do now is publish directly to my feed.
I just don't need to crop it so I can just click next.
You can out a filter if you want.
I actually might apply this filter.
Gingham just to make it look maybe slightly older slightly more wisdom.
And then click next.
You can see that I can tie people out of location if I want to write a caption.
And for now I will just click share and there we go.
You can see this is how it is going to show up in people's feed.
So I think it looks great it looks professional.
And then if I come back to my cane you can see it's showing up there as well.
So you can see that took me less than five minutes.
It was completely free to do.
And it's very easy to do from your phone as well.
Remember that you have this app Kanva with a ton of templates in there.
So what I recommend you do is go ahead download the Komba app try.
Some of these Instagram templates for yourself and start creating original content for Instagram completely
free.
It's just your imagination is the only thing holding you back.
There's so many things you can do and you can even look at content that your competitors are doing and
put a slight twist on it and publish it yourself as original content using Kanva.
And this free incredible tool that you can use to create content.